documentation/Lot.md, before:

# LEX API: Lot/File

## Lot Details

Returns a JSON Object containing all the information about one lot/file

	GET /api/<version>/lot/:lotid:

### Authentication
No

### Parameters
None

### Response
- 404 Not Found: no (active) lot with that id
- 200 OK: lot/file information

```javascript
{
   "id":950,
   "name":"CAM Commercial Offices BSC",
   "version":"1.0",
   "num_downloads":38532,
   "author":"barbyw",
   "is_exclusive":true,
   "maxis_category":"250_MX_Comm.gif",
   "description":"Updated 23rd August to correct an OG error on the CO$$$ Stage 13\/14 set. There is a separate update if you have already downloaded this set.",
   "images":{
      "primary":"http:\/\/sc4devotion.com\/csxlex\/images\/beximg\/thumbs\/camCO$$.jpg"
      "secondary":"http:\/\/sc4devotion.com\/csxlex\/images\/beximg\/camCO$$_image2.jpg",
      "extra":"http:\/\/sc4devotion.com\/csxlex\/images\/beximg\/camCO$$_imageextra.jpg"
   },
   "link":"http:\/\/sc4devotion.com\/csxlex\/lex_filedesc.php?lotGET=950",
   "is_certified":true,
   "is_active":true,
   "upload_date":"20070706",
   "update_date":"20070825",
   "dependencies":{
      "status":"ok",
      "count":2,
      "list":[
         {
            "internal":false,
            "link":"http:\/\/www.simtropolis.com\/forum\/files\/file\/11421-porkie-props-vol1-european-street-accessories\/",
            "name":"Porkie Props Vol 01"
         },
         {
            "internal":true,
            "id":1263,
            "name":"BSC Mega Props - JES Vol05",
            "status":{
               "ok":true,
               "deleted":false,
               "superceded":false,
               "superceded_by":-1,
               "locked":false
            }
         }
      ]
   }
}
```

## All Lots

Returns a JSON Array containing IDs and Names of all active lots

	GET /api/<version>/lot/all

### Authentication
No

### Parameters
None

### Response
- 200 OK: list of lots

```javascript
[
   {
      "id":2,
      "name":"CSX Farm SF - Veronique"
   },
   {
      "id":3,
      "name":"BLS Farm Jacky's Coach House Farm"
   },
   {
      "id":5,
      "name":"BRT Coal Mine BSC"
   },
   {
      "id":6,
      "name":"CSX Civic - National Library"
   },
   {
      "id":7,
      "name":"MBEAR Palazzo Bufalini BSC"
   }
]
```

## Download Lot/File

Returns a ZIP file containing the requested file, if the user has not gone beyond his daily download limits

	GET /api/<version>/lot/:lotid:/download

### Authentication
Yes, Basic HTTP

### Parameters
None

### Response
- 404 Not Found: no (active) lot with that id
- 401 Unauthorized: authentication failed
- 429 Too Many Requests: user has reached his/her daily download limit
- 200 OK: requested lot as a ZIP-file

## Add Lot to Download List

Adds the requested lot to the user's "download later" list

	GET /api/<version>/lot/:lotid:/download-list

### Authentication
Yes, Basic HTTP

### Parameters
None

### Response
- 403 Forbidden: requested lot/file is already on the user's download list or it does not exist
- 200 OK: file has been added to the user's download list

## Get Lot/File Comments

Returns a JSON Array containing a list of all comments for the request lot/file

	GET /api/<version>/lot/:lotid:/comment

### Authentication
No

### Parameters
None

### Response
- 404 Not Found: no (active) lot wit that id
- 200 OK: list of comments

```javascript
[
   {
      "id":23597,
      "user":"test_admin1",
      "text":"thank you  beautiful work and another reward challenge",
      "date":"20110227",
      "by_author":false,
      "by_admin":true
   },
   {
      "id":864,
      "user":"test_user2",
      "text":"Thanks everyone for the supportive comments.",
      "date":"20070215",
      "by_author":true,
      "by_admin":false
   },
   {
      "id":163,
      "user":"ifyoureadthis_youareamazing",
      "text":"Another beautiful BSC reward!",
      "date":"20070117",
      "by_author":false,
      "by_admin":false
   },
   {
      "id":65,
      "user":"test_user4",
      "text":"I like this one very much. ALso like the readme to be visible in the description area! ",
      "date":"20130114",
      "by_author":false,
      "by_admin":false
   }
]
```

## Post New Comment

Adds a new comment and/or rating to the requested lot

	POST /api/<version>/lot/:lotid:/comment

### Authentication
Yes, Basic HTTP

### Parameters
- rating: Integer - rating for the file. should be >= 1 and <= 3, small is better
- comment: String/Blob - comment for the file

### Response
- 401 Unauthorized: authentication failed
- 404 Not Found: no (active) file with that id
- 400 Bad Request: rating was < 1 or > 3
- 200 OK: what was added

```javascript
[
   "comment",
   "rating"
]
```

## Lot/File Dependencies

Retrieves a JSON Object with the list of dependencies (both internal and external) for the requested lot/file

	GET /api/<version>/lot/:lotid:/dependency

### Authentication
No

### Parameters
None

### Response
- 404 Not Found: no (active) file with that id
- 200 OK: requested file **does not support** the dependency tracker

```javascript
{
   "status":"not-available",
   "count":-1,
   "list":null
}
```

200 OK: requested file **does support** the dependency tracker

```javascript
{
  "status":"ok",
  "count":2,
  "list":[
     {
        "internal":false,
        "link":"http:\/\/www.simtropolis.com\/forum\/files\/file\/11421-porkie-props-vol1-european-street-accessories\/",
        "name":"Porkie Props Vol 01"
     },
     {
        "internal":true,
        "id":1263,
        "name":"BSC Mega Props - JES Vol05",
        "status":{
           "ok":true,
           "deleted":false,
           "superceded":false,
           "superceded_by":-1,
           "locked":false
        }
     }
  ]
}
```

Commit message:

Deprecate /lot/:lotid:/comment
Update Lot.md documentation to clarify /lot/:lotid:/comment deprecation in api/v3.

documentation/Lot.md, after:

# LEX API: Lot/File

## Lot Details

Returns a JSON Object containing all the information about one lot/file

	GET /api/<version>/lot/:lotid:

### Authentication
No

### Parameters
None

### Response
- 404 Not Found: no (active) lot with that id
- 200 OK: lot/file information

```javascript
{
   "id":950,
   "name":"CAM Commercial Offices BSC",
   "version":"1.0",
   "num_downloads":38532,
   "author":"barbyw",
   "is_exclusive":true,
   "maxis_category":"250_MX_Comm.gif",
   "description":"Updated 23rd August to correct an OG error on the CO$$$ Stage 13\/14 set. There is a separate update if you have already downloaded this set.",
   "images":{
      "primary":"http:\/\/sc4devotion.com\/csxlex\/images\/beximg\/thumbs\/camCO$$.jpg"
      "secondary":"http:\/\/sc4devotion.com\/csxlex\/images\/beximg\/camCO$$_image2.jpg",
      "extra":"http:\/\/sc4devotion.com\/csxlex\/images\/beximg\/camCO$$_imageextra.jpg"
   },
   "link":"http:\/\/sc4devotion.com\/csxlex\/lex_filedesc.php?lotGET=950",
   "is_certified":true,
   "is_active":true,
   "upload_date":"20070706",
   "update_date":"20070825",
   "dependencies":{
      "status":"ok",
      "count":2,
      "list":[
         {
            "internal":false,
            "link":"http:\/\/www.simtropolis.com\/forum\/files\/file\/11421-porkie-props-vol1-european-street-accessories\/",
            "name":"Porkie Props Vol 01"
         },
         {
            "internal":true,
            "id":1263,
            "name":"BSC Mega Props - JES Vol05",
            "status":{
               "ok":true,
               "deleted":false,
               "superceded":false,
               "superceded_by":-1,
               "locked":false
            }
         }
      ]
   }
}
```

## All Lots

Returns a JSON Array containing IDs and Names of all active lots

	GET /api/<version>/lot/all

### Authentication
No

### Parameters
None

### Response
- 200 OK: list of lots

```javascript
[
   {
      "id":2,
      "name":"CSX Farm SF - Veronique"
   },
   {
      "id":3,
      "name":"BLS Farm Jacky's Coach House Farm"
   },
   {
      "id":5,
      "name":"BRT Coal Mine BSC"
   },
   {
      "id":6,
      "name":"CSX Civic - National Library"
   },
   {
      "id":7,
      "name":"MBEAR Palazzo Bufalini BSC"
   }
]
```

## Download Lot/File

Returns a ZIP file containing the requested file, if the user has not gone beyond his daily download limits

	GET /api/<version>/lot/:lotid:/download

### Authentication
Yes, Basic HTTP

### Parameters
None

### Response
- 404 Not Found: no (active) lot with that id
- 401 Unauthorized: authentication failed
- 429 Too Many Requests: user has reached his/her daily download limit
- 200 OK: requested lot as a ZIP-file

## Add Lot to Download List

Adds the requested lot to the user's "download later" list

	GET /api/<version>/lot/:lotid:/download-list

### Authentication
Yes, Basic HTTP

### Parameters
None

### Response
- 403 Forbidden: requested lot/file is already on the user's download list or it does not exist
- 200 OK: file has been added to the user's download list

## Get Lot/File Comments (Deprecated)

Returns a JSON Array containing a list of all comments for the request lot/file

	GET /api/<version>/lot/:lotid:/comment

### Deprecation
This endpoint has been deprecated in ```v3``` and could be removed in future API versions.

**Reason:** new Disqus-based comment-system. Use their API instead.

### Authentication
No

### Parameters
None

### Response
- 404 Not Found: no (active) lot wit that id
- 200 OK: list of comments

```javascript
[
   {
      "id":23597,
      "user":"test_admin1",
      "text":"thank you  beautiful work and another reward challenge",
      "date":"20110227",
      "by_author":false,
      "by_admin":true
   },
   {
      "id":864,
      "user":"test_user2",
      "text":"Thanks everyone for the supportive comments.",
      "date":"20070215",
      "by_author":true,
      "by_admin":false
   },
   {
      "id":163,
      "user":"ifyoureadthis_youareamazing",
      "text":"Another beautiful BSC reward!",
      "date":"20070117",
      "by_author":false,
      "by_admin":false
   },
   {
      "id":65,
      "user":"test_user4",
      "text":"I like this one very much. ALso like the readme to be visible in the description area! ",
      "date":"20130114",
      "by_author":false,
      "by_admin":false
   }
]
```

## Post New Comment

Adds a new comment and/or rating to the requested lot

	POST /api/<version>/lot/:lotid:/comment

### Authentication
Yes, Basic HTTP

### Parameters
- rating: Integer - rating for the file. should be >= 1 and <= 3, small is better
- comment: String/Blob - comment for the file

### Response
- 401 Unauthorized: authentication failed
- 404 Not Found: no (active) file with that id
- 400 Bad Request: rating was < 1 or > 3
- 200 OK: what was added

```javascript
[
   "comment",
   "rating"
]
```

## Lot/File Dependencies

Retrieves a JSON Object with the list of dependencies (both internal and external) for the requested lot/file

	GET /api/<version>/lot/:lotid:/dependency

### Authentication
No

### Parameters
None

### Response
- 404 Not Found: no (active) file with that id
- 200 OK: requested file **does not support** the dependency tracker

```javascript
{
   "status":"not-available",
   "count":-1,
   "list":null
}
```

200 OK: requested file **does support** the dependency tracker

```javascript
{
  "status":"ok",
  "count":2,
  "list":[
     {
        "internal":false,
        "link":"http:\/\/www.simtropolis.com\/forum\/files\/file\/11421-porkie-props-vol1-european-street-accessories\/",
        "name":"Porkie Props Vol 01"
     },
     {
        "internal":true,
        "id":1263,
        "name":"BSC Mega Props - JES Vol05",
        "status":{
           "ok":true,
           "deleted":false,
           "superceded":false,
           "superceded_by":-1,
           "locked":false
        }
     }
  ]
}
```
